Dad has more than ten numbers today
Must buy
Ah, it's okay to buy it?
I just don't know how much to buy.
Then we'll buy half first.
Mr. Ip bought 1 million
We'll buy 50.
This money is for our Xu family
I can afford it even if I lose it all
Not to mention that this will not happen
Just treat it as giving him number one
Give him the change 500,000
500,000, my Xu family still 150,000
Just bet with him
Fellow, we would like to inquire with you.
Do you know where to buy this stock warrant?
Stock warrants
That thing is a lie
Why is that?
Not a lie
30 yuan each and a lottery
Isn't that lottery?
And this year, more than a dozen shares will be issued.
You said how many people can shake it?
It can't be shaken.
Isn't this 30 yuan a quilt?
Do you understand?
Why don't you understand, young man?
Do you have to waste the money at home?
So if you want to go, go there?
Anyway, good people can't persuade damn ghosts
Thank you fellow, thank you fellow
Fellow, if you believe me
You can come with me and make a fortune on this
You're still rich. I see your brain is making your mouth bubble